#summary NotifierCE runs on Windows CE powered mobile phones and can display the status of sensors from a PRTG installation

= Introduction =

The NotifierCE runs on Windows CE powered mobile phones and can display the status of sensors from a PRTG installation.

= Details =
==Installation==
It targets the .NET Compact Framework 3.5 which can be downloaded here:
http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/details.aspx?FamilyID=e3821449-3c6b-42f1-9fd9-0041345b3385

Copy the NotifierCE.x.x.x.x.cab file to your mobile device and execute it. This will install the NotofierCE and automatically launch it. 

==Using the NotifierCE. ==
Using the NotifierCE for the first time, will automatically start the NotifierCE with the settings page. On the settings page, you can enter the name (or ip-address)  of the PRTG Network Monitor Server and the username and password of the account that is created on the Network Monitor Server. 

If you use the Notifier Proxy, check the box “Server is a Notifier Proxy".  
Select the protocol and port number you have set the Network Monitor Server or the 
Notifier Proxy to use and press "Save".

On the main page press “Refresh" to collect the data of the sensors with a paused, warning and error state. Sensors can be paused and resumed by pressing the sensor (touch and hold) or pressing the Enter button. 

[width:100 http://www.paessler.com/blog/uploadedimages/windowscesample.png]
 
=More Information=
Please see the Documentation PDF for details and screenshots:

http://prtg7addons.googlecode.com/files/PRTG%20Tools%20Family%201.0.pdf 