#summary Version history for the "PRTG Tools family".


==TrayNotifier==

====Coming Up====
 * Fixed an issue with characters like "#" in the password.
 * New: If the Network Monitor server returns a HTML error, the error is shown to the user.
 * New: Integrated web browser, does not show the url with username and password.
 * New: Filter setting to show only sensors of a specific probe, group or device.
 * New: Sensor tree, showing probes, groups, devices and sensors.
 * New: Sensor history, showing the history of a sensor.
 * New: APC Power Distribution Unit integration, allowing the user to connect to the PDU's website or rebooting an outlet.
 * Integrated new features as of Network Monitor version 7.1
  # Sensors can now be paused for a given period of time.
  # The passhash is now automatically used instead of the password.
  # An error can now be simulated on a sensor.
  # The notification for a sensor or group can now be tested.


====1.0.1.7 _10/02/2009_==== 
 * Reload PRTG Monitor version information after a connection loss.
 * Connection port can be set to use other then port 80 or HTTPS/SSL.
 * Minor changes in the user interface.

====1.0.1.6 _20/01/2009_====
 * First public version.

----
==[NotifierCE NotifierCE]==
====Coming Up====
 * New: Sensor tree, showing probes, groups, devices and sensors.

====1.0.0.2 _10/02/2009_====
 * First public version.
----
==[NotifierProxy Notifier Proxy]==
====Coming Up====
 * Support for the sensor tree, showing probes, groups, devices and sensors.

====1.0.0.1 _10/02/2009_====
 * First public version.
----
==Notifier Proxy Configurator==
====1.0.0.1 _10/02/2009_====
 * First public version.